---
layout: post
permalink: /mia/2/
title: "MiA #2: Stroop (Due 4/17)"
---

> **Due no later than 9:00 AM PDT on Wednesday (4/17).**

A demo of the classic Stroop task can be found by navigating here: [http://www.math.unt.edu/~tam/selftests/stroopeffects.html](http://www.math.unt.edu/~tam/selftests/stroopeffects.html){:target="\_blank"}

First, complete the task at the top of the page titled “The easy practice test”. Then, complete the task below it titled “The real hard test”. Here, for each task, you will name, **_out loud_**, the color that the word is printed in (not what the word actually is). For instance, if you see <span style="color: red; font-weight: bold;">PURPLE</span>, you would say “RED” out loud because the word ‘purple’ is printed in red-colored ink.

⚠️ Importantly, please make sure you time your responses for each of the two tasks by clicking the “Start” button when you are ready to begin, and then clicking the “Finish” button when you are done. 

✅ **First, please submit these elapsed times (secs) to this [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScFO8K0iU7sposeaicJ6BRe7_pHoKIbkXbL36oc_TOtD4YKxg/viewform?usp=sf_link){:target="\_blank"}**. 

✅ **Then, please provide brief responses (just a few sentences) to the below prompts on Canvas (assignment: MiA #2 - Responses to Prompts).**

1. Were you as quick and accurate on all of the trials? Or were some trials easier than others? Why do you think this might be the case?
2. Did the task become easier over time?
3. Do you think the effect would be larger or smaller if, instead of identifying the color that color words were printed in, you were identifying the font that different font names were printed in? What about numbers in different font sizes? Explain your thinking?
4. Is there an example of the Stroop effect you’ve observed in the real world?

<hr />**View analysis code and figures for your class' data here:** 

<code>link to analyzed data will be here following the data submission due date</code>