---
layout: post
permalink: /mia/1/
title: "MiA #1: N-back (Due 4/15)"
---

> **Due no later than 9:00 AM PDT on Monday (4/15).**

We will have you complete two different types of working memory tasks. The first is the classic “N-Back” task. In this task, you will indicate whether or not any given item in a sequence of items matches the one presented “N” items ago. In the n-back tasks we’ll have you complete, you’ll experience the 1-back, 2-back, 3-back, and 4-back versions of the task. Then, the second task you’ll complete is the classic Sternberg working memory task.

⚠️ For both tasks, you must use a laptop or desktop computer (not a mobile phone or tablet), and you must use either **Google Chrome or Firefox** for the task to work.

⚠️ _Importantly: after finishing each of the two tasks below, you will be prompted to press a key on your keyboard to download your data file (in the `.csv` format). You will need to download and submit this file (one for the n-back task, and one of the Sternberg task) along with your responses to the three prompts below on Canvas to receive credit. Note that your response to each prompt should be brief (just a few sentences)._

> ⚠️ **PLEASE DO NOT CHANGE THE FILENAME FOR THE `.csv` FILES THAT ARE DOWNLOADED!**

✅ **Step 1: Please complete the N-back tasks here: <br />[https://wagnerlab.github.io/psych-45/mia-demos/nback.html](https://wagnerlab.github.io/psych-45/mia-demos/nback.html){:target="\_blank"} & upload the data `.csv` file to Canvas (assignment: MiA #1 - N-back CSV Data File).**

✅ **Step 2: Once you’ve completed the N-back tasks, then complete the Sternberg task here:
[https://wagnerlab.github.io/psych-45/mia-demos/sternberg.html](https://wagnerlab.github.io/psych-45/mia-demos/sternberg.html){:target="\_blank"} & upload the data `.csv` file to Canvas (assignment: MiA #1 - Sternberg CSV Data File).**

✅ **Step 3: Please provide brief responses (just a few sentences) to the below prompts on Canvas (assignment: MiA #1 - Responses to Prompts).**

1. What strategies did you use to try and remember the letters in the n-back task? Did you change your strategies as the N increased? How well did these strategies work for you?
2. Now, compare and contrast the N-back task with the Sternberg task. What was different between them, and how did you have to adapt your strategies to complete this task compared to the n-back tasks?
3. How could you change each task to make them easier or harder, other than changing the number of targets (i.e., N for N-back, or the number of items you were presented during each trial of the Sternberg)?

<hr />**View analysis code and figures for your class' data here:** 

<code>link to analyzed data will be here following the data submission due date</code>
<!-- [https://rpubs.com/vboyce/1028436](https://rpubs.com/vboyce/1028436){:target="\_blank"} -->